+++
date = '2026-05-29T14:03:14+03:00'
title = 'Changes to Aptivi Blog - June 2026'
+++

We have earlier teased possible changes to our official Aptivi Blog to you in an [earlier article](https://officialaptivi.wordpress.com/2026/05/13/exclusive-upcoming-changes-to-aptivi-blog-for-june-2026/) that described some of the changes that we will be making to our blog when it comes to both the design and the content. This includes homepage changes, design changes, and some new features we'll introduce to our blog so that we improve the reading experience for our readers and subscribers to the official Aptivi Blog.

Aptivi Blog started on March 1st, 2019, when we needed to be able to share updates regarding our projects to our users and those interested in them with a solid medium like WordPress. This was in addition to sharing our experiences regarding several tech aspects, such as programs and experiments, with more to come to our blog. Out of all the blog medium that we could have chosen, WordPress provided us with the most customizable website designer with support for themes, color accents, and more that form a building block to build our unique, cohesive Aptivi design.

However, nothing is perfect, so we have highlighted some of the changes to the Aptivi Blog that we will be doing starting June 2026, which are the following:

* **Usage of WordPress 7.0 features**: We have highlighted in an earlier post about how WordPress 7.0 provides us with [new features](https://officialaptivi.wordpress.com/2026/05/20/wordpress-7-0-is-now-live/) that our official Aptivi blog can make use of, such as icons and breadcrumb blocks, as well as other features that improve our blog's readability and usability across several devices, such as mobile phones, tablets, computers, and laptops. We will use those features to make navigation easier for our readers and to increase usability and accessibility.
* **More welcoming experience**: The home and the contact us pages will be even more welcoming than before, with a brief history of Aptivi in the homepage. The contact us page will be even more encouraging than before, with added text so that we can be more open to messages, together with a clear timeline of our responses in specified times with the timezone that is clearly shown.
* **Design improvements**: The design improvements will also be made to our blog with many enhancements to do, including responsive design that adapt according to changing viewports, such as mobile phpnes and tablets, and the usage of WordPress 7.0's new features that were introduced. In addition to that, we are always committed to providing improved design every moment so that our blog looks awesome in all screens.
* **Subsections**: In addition to the breadcrumbs that will be shown at the top of each blog article, the subsections will also be introduced so that people who are interested in one topic only will be able to navigate our blogs without having to scroll more for less, which saves your time and effort. Existing blog articles will be re-categorized during the redesign so that they benefit from this, along with changes to the homepage.
* **Weekly and monthly digests**: Starting from May 31st, we will start collecting interesting tech news, whether they are posted from the official Aptivi Blog or not, under [weekly and monthly digests](https://officialaptivi.wordpress.com/2026/05/18/what-is-aptivi-weekly-and-monthly-tech-news/). We will also share interesting tech articles from trustworthy news sites for different tech aspects in our official social media handles, such as Twitter/X, Bluesky, and Mastodon, and we'll post them again in each weekly and/or monthly digests.

Now, we can go through some of the planned changes for us to do, with the expected changes being listed below:

* **More compact headers and footers**: Headers and footers will consume less vertical space at the beginning and at the end of each page, including blog article pages, to ensure that more screen real-estate is available, especially on mobile phones. The logo and the icons will be smaller but still acceptable for touch screens, and we will use responsive design to ensure that this compact design for headers and footers applies only to mobile phones.
* **Breadcrumbs**: We will use the more sophisticated breadcrumbs feature that WordPress 7.0 has introduced than the regular Categories block that shows individual categories. While the latter block is a good idea, the Breadcrumbs block visualizes the map of our blog more clearly, thus we'll be removing the Categories block at the end of each article in favor of the Breadcrumbs block at the top of each article.
* **More spacious blog article design**: Thanks to advanced tools that let us control the sizes of elements, we will be giving our blog article screens more space, while making the sidebar be at fixed size. While we have done this redesign before, there is still room for improvements that will be made as soon as the blog site redesign starts, with more comfortable viewing experience coming along the way.
* **More clean comment experience**: Comments are always appreciated in our blog, whether positive, or negative, as long as such comments are respectful and friendly. As such, we will be making some changes to the comment view at the end of each article to make commenting on our content, such as retrocomputing, experiments, and general tech news, easier than before, while also making them more clean and versatile.
* **Cleaner design of blog post viewer**: We will separate the actual blog post from the rest of the elements that follow it, and we will also move the sharing buttons to the top of the page. We will also give you a more comfortable reading experience in several ways. Although we can't be specific in the smallest parts of those changes (because they are plenty), we will make sure that our blog is more readable across devices with responsive design as the medium.

We are committed to providing the projects in their highest quality possible to ensure that you can benefit from the best experience that we're always providing. Aptivi Blog will experience one of the best (and the largest) redesigns that we'll be introducing starting next week.
